Add Application Connectivity Validator integration tests README (#15120)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/components/application-connector/README.md

<!-- markdown-toc start - Don't edit this section. Run M-x markdown-toc-refresh-toc -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Component tests for Application Connector](#component-tests-for-application-connector)
   - [Application Gateway](#application-gateway)
      - [Design and architecture](#design-and-architecture)
      - [Mock application](#mock-application)
         - [Certificates](#certificates)
         - [API exposed on port `8080`](#api-exposed-on-port-8080)
         - [API exposed on port `8090`](#api-exposed-on-port-8090)
         - [API exposed on port `8091`](#api-exposed-on-port-8091)
      - [Building](#building)
      - [Running](#running)
         - [Deploy a Kyma cluster locally](#deploy-a-kyma-cluster-locally)
         - [Run the tests](#run-the-tests)
      - [Debugging](#debugging)
         - [Running locally](#running-locally)
         - [Running without cleanup](#running-without-cleanup)

>    - [Application Connectivity Validator](#application-connectivity-validator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [Application Connectivity Validator](#application-connectivity-validator)
       - [Design and architecture](#design-and-architecture-1)
      - [Building](#building-1)
      - [Running](#running-1)
         - [Deploy a Kyma cluster locally](#deploy-a-kyma-cluster-locally-1)
         - [Run the tests](#run-the-tests-1)
      - [Debugging](#debugging-1)
         - [Running without cleanup](#running-without-cleanup-1)
```

I noticed the TOC was not complete. I realized it's because we used the same sub-section titles for both components. I checked how (and if) GitHub handled it, and it does, adding `-1` at the end of the "newer" section titles, so I updated the TOC, but it's a rather hacky way. 
It would probably be best to split this README into two (three, if you count also upcoming Runtime Agent test) separate ones, one for each component.

- `{DOCKER_PUSH_REPOSITORY}/gateway-test:{DOCKER_TAG}`
- `{DOCKER_PUSH_REPOSITORY}/mock-app:{DOCKER_TAG}`

### Running

Tests can be run on any Kyma cluster with Application Gateway.

Pipelines run the tests using the `test-gateway` target from the `Makefile`.

#### Deploy a Kyma cluster locally

1. Provision a local Kubernetes cluster with k3d:

>    ```sh

Reviewer: It's in the OS docs, so we should probably use `Kyma OS (standalone mode)` and `SKR (Compass mode)` if we don't want to use **just** the modes.

The tests are executed as a Kubernetes Job on a Kyma cluster where the tested Application Connectivity Validator is installed. The test Job is deployed in the `test` Namespace.
![Connectivity Validator tests architecture](./assets/connectivity-validator-tests-architecture.svg)

> **NOTE:** Port `8080` must be excluded from redirection to Envoy, otherwise Connectivity Validator test Pod cannot pass the `X-Forwarded-Client-Cert` header to the Connectivity Validator.

### Building

Pipelines build the Application Connectivity Validator test using the `release` target from the `Makefile`.

To build **and push** the Docker images of the tests, run:

``` sh
./scripts/local-build.sh {DOCKER_TAG} {DOCKER_PUSH_REPOSITORY}
```

This will build the following images:
- `{DOCKER_PUSH_REPOSITORY}/connectivity-validator-test:{DOCKER_TAG}`

### Running

Tests can be run on any Kyma cluster with Application Connectivity Validator.

Pipelines run the tests using the `test-validator` target from the `Makefile`.

#### Deploy a Kyma cluster locally

1. Provision a local Kubernetes cluster with k3d:
   ```sh
   kyma provision k3d
   ```

> 2. Install the minimal set of components required to run Application Connectivity Validator for Kyma SKR:
> 
>     <div>
>     <details>
>     <summary label="SKR">
>     SKR
>     </summary>
> 
>     ```bash
>     kyma deploy --components-file ./resources/installation-config/mini-kyma-skr.yaml 
>     ```
> 
>     </details>
>     </div>

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
2. Install the minimal set of components required to run Application Connectivity Validator **for Kyma SKR (Compass mode)**:

    ```bash
    kyma deploy --components-file ./resources/installation-config/mini-kyma-skr.yaml 
    ```
``````

We don't need the unfolding panel, as SKR is the only option here.
